[[!meta title="Lab Reservation Policy"]]

Registered Student Organizations of UC Berkeley are able to reserve the OCF lab
space for a maximum of 2 hours at a time during the OCFâ€™s regular operating
hours. Those who reserve the OCF lab space are able to access the 28 computers
within the lab (as well as additional seating), in addition to the main TV
attached to the back wall. The OCF can additionally provide a whiteboard and
printing (pursuant to printing quotas) to student groups who utilize the lab
space. Should the lab be reserved, the option to fully close the lab to the
outside population (excluding OCF front-desk staff) is readily available.

Here are a few important things to note:

- All OCF computers run on Debian Linux, so operating system specific
  applications such as Microsoft Word will not be available. However,
  browser-based tools, such as Google Docs, will work.

- The OCF runs a decal from 8 to 9 pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and as such we
  will be unable to allow lab reservations within that timeframe.

- The MLK Student Union is not open 24/7, and does close for certain holidays.
  Make sure that you will be able to enter the building on the day of your
  reservation!

## Student Group Expectations

To reserve the OCF lab, all student groups must have a signatory of their
organization apply for the lab space here at least two weeks in advance. The
request will then go through an approval process by OCF staff. Should the
request be approved, the student organization is able to use the lab at that
time pursuant to some rules. First, the lab space must be clean after use by
the student organization. Eating and drinking in the lab is permitted, as long
as the space remains clean and open for use immediately after. Printing in the
OCF lab is subject to the standard per person rules located here. Please note
that the OCF currently does not offer group account printing. All members
entering the OCF during the time of the event are expected to have a Cal ID and
show it to staff at the door. In addition, all members that would like to use
OCF computers will need to have their own OCF account. 

## Approving Lab Usage Requests

The Board of Directors holds the authority to approve requests to reserve the
OCF. When the OCF is not formally in session (i.e. during breaks), the Cabinet
can make provisional decisions on requests. If the decisions are ratified at
the first Board meeting of the next formal session, they will become valid;
otherwise they will expire.
